Shrimp salt
Why are you hiding in the bathroom?
I'm thirsty.
Look at the well water clear sweet
It cannot be without good quality.
You drank the toilet water.
This is the toilet.
The toilet of the dandelion
Brother, I said you can stay awake.
Can you not take it off like that?
Are you a modern person or an antique of horns?
This one.
It's not antiques.
I am the emperor.
Power is powerless.
Okay, okay, so to bother this person even the toilet is not for Zheng Tianzi.
Don't stop me from watching TV.
No.
Who's talking?
Who's hiding the tail tip here?
Can you not always be surprised when broadcasting?
You make it very difficult for me to do this.
Tell the people on TV, like you, to be supporting actors, not actors.
Actor, if an actor like this has a play
How many drinks will I get?
I remember the history teacher saying
One or two names of previous dynasties are equivalent to 100 current coins.
There's at least 100,000 coffees like him.
A hundred thousand waiting for you to talk in the future
Opening the lock on the house is nothing more than making noise.
What is this?
Really lead to large sending.
This fart can flip several times.
Now this has no power.
If you want to avenge the blood of the Qin family, it is not easy.
But just be an actor.
It's all about change.
We've decided.
From now on
I...
Have to wait for you too